Hey - today I'm freaking excited we're
gonna be playing dumb ways to die - the
games this is a freaking sequel to dumb
ways to die if you didn't know I played
a lot of freaking dumb ways to die on my
channel it's definitely in my top
favorite iPhone games ever and this is a
sequel to that and I'm really freaking
excited we just need to get right in
look at this guy look at this tooth is
1/2 of him could do some serious bitin
or some whimsical biting even really
what the hell is all of this adrenalin
freeze irvil dumb don't where are these
places all right let's go to drown town
I guess and we're taking the Train of
course this is so confusing alright this
is a lot more complicated round town
shark jumping dolphin rodeo killer whale
dentistry what are all these games I
could also connect to Facebook I guess
and I accidentally did freaking balls
it's ok do it I freaking love dumb
wasted the way we're gonna frickin okay
let's play let's do this how do i watch
rush the teeth ok that's freaking our
head so this seems pretty similar oh god
ok get out of here Shamu you got
freaking some nice chompers that he took
a selfie of course he did half as fast
as you can the parens are back oh my god
ok alright way too happy to be swimming
there bro way too happy what the hell
wait we're okay you didn't even get a
new can dive into the pool whoa okay I
freaked it screw that up high-five not
even worth the high-five over broke my
hand I can't do it why fine to the
treasure tilt to avoid the mines what if
the mines are the treasure
dude that is hard oh my god what is this
fella want from me swipe to stay between
the flags what did I do wrong
I don't understand oh dude I just got my
blood in the water it's fine I'm just
learned in the mini-games I don't
freaking know what the hell to do yet
you're in the bottom 80% thank you thank
you at least you're dancing celebratory
what you gonna do
probably that wait did we freaking play
the same games in order cuz that would
be silly but I'm gonna brush this
whale's teeth rooms can stop Skepta
sizing all right mines you do not
actually belong to me despite your name
implying so so you're gonna need to get
the hell away from a magnet my magnet
does not want to be oh the treasure
there you freaking go alright got that
bad boy avoid the Josh we're gonna jump
this Charlotte okay
I did it sweet all right there you go oh
my god it's very convenient that sharks
have more
rings all right faster no real need for
that but we can handle it I think maybe
I don't get this I don't get this what
am i swiping what do I swipe what flag
was so bad about flags we're gonna dive
into this pool there you go get in there
he made it he's gonna be so happy and
they don't run have to walk beside the
pool Oh cuz you can't walk there you go
ok did I made it did I make it I made it
sweet slow and steady wins the race
unless you're in this mini game piranhas
are scary and you need to tap faster one
day hell man just freakin it right what
Tillich's stay on the dolphin I'm doing
it I think I think I'm doing it I like
your hat you're not wearing it but I
like it ok do these new characters are
cute I like them ok what we're gonna do
where's freaking babe they're like baby
versions of the old characters I want to
see baby mr. potato we're gonna do I got
this one I got this one unlock you can't
trick me up oh you tricked me up no you
didn't know you that was just joking I
was tricking you see I was just I could
trick you up I didn't say anything about
that not in the criteria not in the die
Tyrion as what would have happened if I
actually do I did it what the hell I got
some of you he was my least favorite
I don't care he sucks dude 800 points is
pretty good I'm not gonna lie in these
olympic games of nonsense all right I
think we can do this I think we'd try
one more time and get a million points
I'm pretty sure it's because it's doable
anything is doable if you put your dumb
ways to mind - that didn't make any
freaking sense don't run what does hell
oh my god he cracked his head open
all right Elvis dude mr. swoopy hair we
got this when I jump those sharks and
give him up nice what poses that I don't
know tilt the dolphin I'm tilted this
has to be baby mr. potato
dude he's got the same face and he's got
the same game and he got eaten by
dolphins that's a horrible way to go oh
my god okay there you go
don't die please that would be great
thank you treasure dare when as fast as
you can okay I'm swimming I'm swimming
so friggin fast you'll never catch me
piranhas got this he they still caught
me I don't get this game I don't get
that one doesn't make no sense but what
we're gonna do when I swipe this swipe
this wipe this yes no yes no yeah yeah
yeah oh he's peeping on him he's so sad
that they didn't die he's a freaking
screwed up little kid why did you want
baby potato to be owned all right there
there go No
my whale friend betrayed me go go go go
go baby potato baby potatoes maybe
tipper got a is more like it
I did that with my mouth I literally
lost two lives on the first two games
I'm so good at this it's hurts this one
easy as pie easy as pie
oh I swiped him too hard I made it hard
for myself but look how easy it is it's
almost like I'm eating pie but I'm not I
don't get that frickin shovel guy
checking me uh oh that was just freakin
came to me like a spider monkey or maybe
like a shark
that'd make more sense this is so
freakin hard one more time I will get
the best score on Earth I swear to god
this game like literally just came out
so there's like one person on the
leaderboards and I want to be better
than that guy cuz he found it before me
and that is just improper I don't think
you understand I live for this game okay
what we're gonna do that's very sad by
the way you really get a life serving
that sir as me what we're gonna do
swim super fast okay we're getting a
life literally by avoiding death it's
the best way to get one okay all right
this guy is the easiest finding the
treasure but you are the treasure you're
my treasure dude I'll treasure your life
always until it's over and hopefully
that won't be now it's not okay sweet
look at all the ghost cheese burners I
didn't even realize that's kind of
hilarious the best kind of treasure I
guess there you go dive right in dive
right in dude it's freaking you worry me
sometimes there you freakin go awesome
okay awesome like you're swoopy hair
makes up for your weird underbite sorry
no no no no no you're giving me troubles
you're giving me troubles he didn't even
touch the water I don't understand this
dolphin is so irritable it makes me
angry dolphin is so angry that it's
contagious it makes me angry as well you
little kids you're dang kids and you're
swimming to the wrong sides of the world
walk don't run walk don't this is
torture I just want to run I just want
to run like this fella why do they
always do it back-to-back cuz I go slow
and then don't frickin try my life with
the dead think this is the best score so
far so that's pretty good pretty good
but not good enough not good enough did
I get it okay selfie selfie of truth a
thousand points let's do it I like your
underwear okay there you go did you make
it sweet if we're gonna die again never
gonna diet faster faster all you want
I'm gonna I'm in it to win it man oh
okay alright mines all right you can
have these you can have all of them
they're your Sarah's good is yours not
the treasure though I want those burgers
don't do it don't do it don't knock me
off into the moonlight
yes frickin ride that bad boy to safety
oh my god okay safety didn't last that
long freakin game I hate these kids
these kids do not deserve to live
goodbye goodbye you look like an onion
squish God freakin dang it man all right
yeah get Facebook I hate you so much I
am 71st thirteen hundred points I'm
wasted I - dude I'm freaking excited is
there like different areas cuz I so I'm
excited to try those out as well I hope
you guys are as excited about this as me
freaking dumb waste dyes the best got
these new freakin baby characters and
I'm just excited can you freak it out
I'm just a little bit excited like the
video if you're excited to or if you
just want to like the video yeah I'm
excited to play some more of this thanks
for watching I'll probably be playing
this a lot over the next few days